terms.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Terms &amp; Conditions"
headline: "Website Policies"
subheadline: "Terms &amp; Conditions, Privacy, Blah Blah Blah"
description: "Made Mistakes website privacy policies and terms &amp; conditions."
image: mademistakes-feature
date: 2013-04-26
tags:
- mademistakes
- privacy
- policy
- site
- disclaimer
- terms
- copyright
---
<section id="table-of-contents" class="toc">
  <header>
    <h1 class="delta">Contents</h1>
  </header>
<div id="drawer" markdown="1">
*  Auto generated table of contents
{:toc}
</div>
</section><!-- /#table-of-contents -->

## Privacy

The owner of this website (hey thats me Michael Rose) does not share personal information with third-parties nor does the owner store information collected about your visit for use other than to analyze content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser's settings. The owner is not responsible for the republishing of the content found on this website on other websites, blogs, or media without permission.

## Terms and Conditions

All content provided on this website is for informational purposes only. The writing and posts on this website are my own and don't necessarily represent the positions, strategies, or opinions of my employer or its subsidiaries. The owner of this website makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information on this website or found by following any link on this website. The owner will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this information. The owner will not be liable for any losses, injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information.

Product names, logos, brands and other trademarks featured or referred to on mademistakes.com are the property of their respective owners. These trademark holders are not affiliated with this website.

This policy is subject to change at anytime.

Commit message:

Edit legal crap that no one reads

terms.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Terms &amp; Conditions"
headline: "Website Policies"
subheadline: "Or that Legal Stuff No One Reads"
description: "Made Mistakes website policies, terms &amp; conditions, license, and other legal stuff you won't read."
image: mademistakes-feature
date: 2013-04-29
tags:
- license
- privacy
- policy
- site
- disclaimer
- terms
- copyright
---
<section id="table-of-contents" class="toc">
  <header>
    <h1 class="delta">Contents</h1>
  </header>
<div id="drawer" markdown="1">
*  Auto generated table of contents
{:toc}
</div>
</section><!-- /#table-of-contents -->

## Terms and Conditions

All content provided on this website is for informational purposes only. The writing and posts on this website are my own and don't necessarily represent the positions, strategies, or opinions of my employer or its subsidiaries. I make no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information found here or by following any links. I will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this information. I will not be liable for any losses, injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information.

Product names, logos, brands and other trademarks featured or referred to on mademistakes.com are the property of their respective owners. These trademark holders are not affiliated with this website.

## Privacy

The owner of this website (hey thats me Michael Rose) does not share personal information with third-parties nor does the owner store information collected about your visit for use other than to analyze content performance through the use of cookies, which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser's settings. I am not responsible for the republishing of the content found on Made Mistakes on other websites, blogs, or media without permission.

## License

Any articles, posts, illustrations, drawings, photographs, design, CSS, HTML, code, or anything else I've created and made available on Made Mistakes is released under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/deed.en_US) License. Which basically means you are free to share, transmit, distribute, alter, transform, and build on my work just as long as you don't use it for commercial purposes $$$.

### Attribution

If you're inclined to show credit, then a simple link back to the source article, [Made Mistakes](htt://mademistakes.com), or [Michael Rose](http://mademistakes.com) is good enough for me. And if you don't want to show credit, hey that's cool too. Just don't go stealing and passing something off as your own.
