_drafts/blind-contour-drawing.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: "Blind Contour Drawing"
description: "Techniques to improve your drawing skills and powers of observation with the iPad app Paper by 53."
image: 
  feature: 
  thumb: 
category: articles
tags: [blind contour, Paper by 53, tutorial, drawing, painting, iPad]
comments: true
---

One of the first things I drew on my iPad with Paper by FiftyThree was a blind contour line drawing. It has always been an interest of mine and Paper's expressive ink tools are a great fit for the technique. Working in a loose and gestural manner is an excellent way to sharpen your observation skills and learn how the [fountain (Draw)]({{ site.url }}{% post_url /articles/2013-07-31-paper-53-introduction %}#fountain-pen) and [ink (Write)]({{ site.url }}{% post_url /articles/2013-07-31-paper-53-introduction %}#ink-pen) pens behave. Not to mention it can be very cathartic compared to the technical and time consuming nature of drawing photo realistic.

![Fountain pen blind contour drawing](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)
![Ink pen blind contour drawing](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

The ideal way to practice this technique is by drawing real object or model --- avoiding photographs if you can. To begin, fix your eyes on the subject in front of you. As they track across the subject's shape, draw a continuous line in sync with what you are viewing. Pay attention to how the form's contour and shape relate to each other making sure to keep your stylus or finger firmly placed on the iPad's screen at all times. The line should remain solid and confident, this isn't sketching or shading exercise.

![Drawing thick and thin ink lines](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

When you observe a shadow or a dark division, move your stylus faster to produce a thicker line. For highlights and lighter areas move slowly to draw a thinner line. If you have access to a [Pogo Connect]({{ site.url }}{% post_url /articles/2013-07-08-pogo-connect-smart-pen %}) stylus it becomes infinitely easier to produce sensitive lines by varying the pressure applied to the tip. In my opinion this is more natural than the way FiftyThree has engineered the tools. In traditional media --- moving fast produces a lighter (thinner) mark, in Paper just the opposite occurs.

Another way to approach drawing this single contour line, is to think of it as a piece of string being wrapped around the object. Visualize it wrapping around the object and move your stylus in the same way on the canvas. Don't worry if your drawings look like a ball of yarn after finishing --- that's part of their charm. By improving the coordination between hand and eye, the accuracy of your lines should as well.

![Blind contour drawing video](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

## Variations and Enhancements

There's a world of possibilities to explore with this technique. For example, you can stick with black ink on white paper and add splashes of color with the brush tool for added depth. When applying color to a blind contour drawing start by looking for the shadows in your subject and brush them in. If you work from the outside edge in, it is easier to fade your strokes by sliding off the screen in a quick motion.

![Fading a brush stroke video](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

Limit the amount of colors you use when starting out. Working in grays is a great way to learn how to build up value with the brush tool. The biggest learning experience I had with Paper was being limited to the 9 colors it originally shipped with.

For a refresher on watercolor brush techniques take a look at my set of [Mastering Paper Guides]({{ site.url }}/mastering-paper/). *If you can get the hang of making smooth continuous tones with the brush, there isn't much else you can't do with the app.* 
{: .notice}

Another variation to try is drawing in white ink on top of a black background. To start you would select black from the palette and then drag it into the the canvas to fill it in. The dark background makes it harder to add color if you choose to, since it would need to be lightened first. But you can certainly leave it as is for a scratch board look.

![Scratch board blind contour](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

There is no hard fast rule that says the drawing has to be made up of a single line. Breaking it up into multiple lines made up of different colors and values could produce nice results. Just be careful when stopping and starting if you change tools and colors, you don't want to kill the free form nature of the drawing.

![Multiple line blind contour](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

---

{% include support.html %}

Commit message:

Add table of contents to draft posts

_drafts/blind-contour-drawing.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: "Blind Contour Drawing"
description: "Techniques to improve your drawing skills and powers of observation with the iPad app Paper by 53."
image: 
  feature: 
  thumb: 
category: articles
tags: [blind contour, Paper by 53, tutorial, drawing, painting, iPad]
comments: true
---

One of the first things I drew on my iPad with Paper by FiftyThree was a blind contour line drawing. It has always been an interest of mine and Paper's expressive ink tools are a great fit for the technique.

* Auto generated table of contents
{:toc}

## Drawing a Blind Contour

Working in a loose and gestural manner is an excellent way to sharpen your observation skills and learn how the [fountain (Draw)]({{ site.url }}{% post_url /articles/2013-07-31-paper-53-introduction %}#fountain-pen) and [ink (Write)]({{ site.url }}{% post_url /articles/2013-07-31-paper-53-introduction %}#ink-pen) pens behave. Not to mention it can be very cathartic compared to the technical and time consuming nature of photo realism drawing.

![Fountain pen blind contour drawing](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)
![Ink pen blind contour drawing](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

The ideal way to practice this technique is by drawing a *real* object or model --- avoiding photographs if you can. To begin, fix your eyes on the subject in front of you. As they track across the subject's shape, draw a continuous line in sync with what you are viewing. 

### Sensitive Line Quality

Pay close attention to how the form's contour and shape relate to each other making sure to keep your stylus or finger firmly placed on the iPad's screen at all times. The line should remain solid and confident, this isn't an exercise in sketching or shading.

![Drawing thick and thin ink lines](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

When you observe a shadow or a dark division, move your stylus faster to produce a thicker line. For highlights and lighter areas move slowly to draw a thinner line. 

If you have access to a [Pogo Connect]({{ site.url }}{% post_url /articles/2013-07-08-pogo-connect-smart-pen %}) stylus it becomes infinitely easier to produce sensitive lines by varying the pressure applied to the tip. As someone with a background in fine art and illustration, drawing this way with a Pogo feels more natural to me --- to each their own.  

It may help to think of the line that you are drawing as a piece of string. Visualize this *string* wrapping around the object and follow along with your stylus as you drag it across the canvas. Don't worry if your drawing ends up looking like a ball of yarn --- that's part of the charm. As the link between hand and eye builds, so will the accuracy of your lines.

![Blind contour drawing video](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

## Variations and Enhancements

There's a world of possibilities to explore with this technique. For example, you can stick with black ink on white paper and add splashes of color with the brush tool. When applying color to a blind contour drawing start by looking for the shadows in your subject and brush those in first. If you work from the outside edge in, it is easier to fade your strokes using a sweeping motion. When done right this feathering of color can mimic the *wet on wet* look of traditional watercolors.

![Fading a brush stroke video](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

### Limit Color, Paint in Gray

Working with just black and white is a great way to practice with the brush tool. Limiting the color selection simplifies the process and causes you to focus more on contour and line quality before tackling advanced color theory principles. The biggest learning experience I had using Paper was being limited to the 9 colors it originally shipped with. Doing so forced me to experiment and find ways to represent a larger range from the tools provided.

For a refresher on watercolor brush techniques take a look at my set of [Mastering Paper Guides]({{ site.url }}/mastering-paper/). *If you can get the hang of making smooth continuous tones with the brush, there isn't much else you can't do with the app.* 
{: .notice}

### White on Black, Scratch Board Technique

Another variation to try is drawing in white ink on top of a black background. To start you would select black from the palette and then drag it into the the canvas to fill it in. The dark background makes it harder to add color if you choose to, since it would need to be lightened first. But you can certainly leave it as is for a scratch board look.

![Scratch board blind contour](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

### More Lines, More Problems

There is no hard fast rule that says the drawing has to be made up of a single line. Breaking it up into multiple lines made up of different colors and values could produce nice results. Just be careful when stopping and starting if you change tools and colors, you don't want to kill the free form nature of the drawing.

![Multiple line blind contour](http://placehold.it/750x450.gif)

---

{% include support.html %}
